"I’m not sure if I’ll be able to make a direct correlation between increase revenue or decrease cost, especially without having information and data related to existing cost like hiring cost per employee number of tickets written at each site length of service on average for each valet, turnover rates and things like that, but if Ace continues with the Current policies and procedures in place I can with a high level of certainty predict that service will deteriorate, and the ongoing issues will only be exacerbated.

I’m not so arrogant to think that I can change this by myself, but I do have experience working with parallel issues in my own business that were Improved in order to reach a high-level service and increase revenue and employee retention.

Give the example of the five dollars for a referral $50 referral fee and then five dollars for as long as that client stayed with me and second give the example of the session sheets that were submitted in order to get paid on time

Something is simple as the TripAdvisor review system was implemented throughout Ace and valet operated level like I did. You would have most likely well over six figures of expenses to improve service. I think there are many solutions that can be worked with in collaboration with management to create high reward and, get in from the line employees like valet if not, you will have examples like I see every day at my site where values are undermining the operations actually intentionally because of the mismanagement and the distain for their current managers.

This works in complete contradiction to the stated goals, which seems to be revenue generation at any cost and line employees are Obviously the last concern but I think that this is evident in the low level of service provided but again as I spoke, it appears that I was correct in stating that the number one client is the hotel and then the hotel ownership and the guest is actually last and from my perspective, Ace is willing to have any discomfort around guest experience because as stated intermeeting Mike The guest has a captured audience and has no alternatives and possibly any complaining and things like that publicly on review sites doesn’t affect Marriott area. Excuse me, Ace, except for maybe possibly in negotiations with new existing clients.

This leads to a situation where contracts are lost and there is not a direct correlation made to the line employee, which is actually the root cause of some of the issues I believe.

Note to self integrate Hakeem‘s comments about showing up on Friday morning and six new valets with little no training experience coming straight from the ““ new training program that has been implemented at a since January were completely useless. Didn’t know how to write tickets had no idea how things functioned just basic level skills that were not Assessed so they may have gone through training, but nobody assessed whether they are actually proficient at their jobs in order to be placed on a front line. Position ASAP appears was so desperate for staffing that they did this which actually intern is worse because the guest experience is so bad that, it would be better off if less people did a better job obviously that helps with payroll and it also helps with guest experience. Also, use the example of Jorge training somebody yesterday in front of me who misplaced the key and Jorge didn’t even run through the most basic things that he needed to write in front of my eyes with a guest.

The TripAdvisor solution to my analogy about firefighting is the firefighter in the forest, putting out the fire in front of him, but not seeing what the man of the tower or the firefighter in the plane can observe I would like a more strategic role within Ace , but I’m concerned with compensation package that would fully compensate me for my contributions one as mentioned above. I don’t have any metrics relative to what existing now is I’m concerned about buying from existing employees , and three I am concerned with actual execution of the plan which would then undermine any system that would be set up relative to something like employee retention for example or damage claims the problem with not having incentives for the line employees is acute

As provided my initial outline to you, there are direct research positions related to incentives and employee work production, and currently Ace has incentive in in place for all of management but none for the valet except for the TripAdvisor reviews which is highly inefficient and would be costly if implemented throughout all of San Diego and executed at a high-level like I do personally if you use me as an example and we multiply that by the number of valet at my site times the number of valet and hotel sites with San Diego you would have a multi six figure compensation system, and I think something for far less than that can be created to cover all 500 valet in San Diego alone and then could be rolled out to the entire company

Explain the school binder 180 days first first year week by week end of the year had a binder then I could assess at the end of each day the lesson and then ascend at the end of the year which lessons need to be fixed and then by the end of year two the binder was perfect. I could drop off the face of the Earth and anybody could walk in my classroom and run it perfectly 

What was the monetary value of that binder? What was the value of the master teacher that taught me that? What was the value to those kids? I got a higher quality education with me is it teacher and this tells my story because there’s no accountability and education at which point I left and then created my tutoring business it was extremely successful for 19 years, in spite of the fact strike that I was rewarded for my creativity and my follow through.


Here is one example to make my point mini offsites working none train for our site no site specific information for them literally just thrown in with absolutely no bearing on what to do. I’ve had two managers that have worked at this site for over a year. we’re parking in the convention center. The day of it were told verbally no written instructions no central location for those instructions. Something taped on the window replacing eight other things that have been taped on our window we’re not only People can see them but gas can see them as well. See example of the 2.5% increase through dynamic pricing that guests are exposed to see the pictures of the highlighted VIPs that saw if they saw that would see that they’re being treated specially other information that should not be privy to that or just taped up onto the window now what should have been done in the last 12 months by the current management team is there should be maps Drawn up with all the locations in the convention center because they are multilevel multicolored multi lettered now and existing valet can be quizzed on this and once he passes knowing all of the locations on a short multiple-choice or fill-in test, he’s given a raise because now he is a higher level valet, he can work at the Marriott Marquis as an example will call him a level three valet, who makes 10 or $.15 more an hour now this valet knows where all the sites are within the convention center is highly efficient and now you don’t have to have a level one valet who’s an offsite come here and work in efficiently at the same pay rate now he’s encouraged to be able to increase his knowledge base. He can pass that knowledge along to other values when they’re working and, that way he is incentivize to learn the system and your payroll actually decrease because you can have less people working and you know through my systems which valets should be requested out of the 500 pool valet to come work at the Marriott versus what I saw, which is just random guys completely inappropriately dressed no name tags out of uniform no knowledge of the site literally just standing around not knowing what to do Just bodies basically it’s very evident that that should’ve been created. It would not take more than 30 minutes to an hour for somebody to do that and have that included in the documentation of the site once I give you all this information and I ask for payment for it you can just take my ideas and implement them yourself. I would argue that they will not be implemented correctly, but that is my fear. Is that all of the creativity and the inspiration behind this in 25 years of experience Utilize by Ace and I will not be compensated fairly so I need to have some sort of commitment that shows that you agree that this level of expertise and detail will be rewarded. I can set up a pilot system with the Marriott and create that then, if Marriott excuse me, if Ace chooses can have implemented internally by somebody else, I would suggest it should be done in collaboration or management creates these and then I or someone else Comes in and test their efficiency then is a living document which will be updated constantly and if a manager leaves Ace or is transferred to new location, you have a legacy document that will now help all the new people that might come in additionally if over the long-term, all this information is digitized you will create data that then can be leveraged to decrease staffing cost increase internal hiring and promotion, and you identify the highest level valets that might be willing and capable to assume management positions so in a few years your management would be better. Your valets would be better. Your process of internal movement and promotion will be better and I think actually that the price that would pay for that is irreplaceable.

I want to create some legacy systems that then make me replaceable. Technically, I know at that point if you don’t need me, I can easily be let go as an employee it will or additionally the work environment could be made so uncomfortable that I quit so I need some protections that the systems will be in place they’ll be implemented and then theoretically I can train other people to create the systems within San Diego first and then within the entire company so that people in outside locations could either come to San Diego to be taught how to do this and then eventually with 6 to 24 months the entire company at all 150 hotel locations would have the systems in place , I think to be honest with you the efficiencies and the contracts that could be created from that probably would be worth millions of dollars at that point

One contract at a hotel at the Marriott is probably somewhere between five and $10 million that Ace would take a percentage of so if you multiply that by all of the sites in the company, obviously assuming that the Marriott Hyatt and locations like that are premier sites at high value contracts I think again the multimillion dollar value of this is not to be understated

Even the explanation to how to label the cards for the convention center wasn’t done in a thoughtful way. It should’ve been convention center first then what level red or blue and then within that what letter number space they’re just randomly done convention center and that’s how you look for the cars so just simple things like that attention to detail binary decision all integrated in efficiencies that cannot be measured.

Exiting the convention center booth guy helped me by explaining that if the barcode is held horizontally versus vertically, it reads it better so that would be a detail that saves many many minutes sometimes the booth guy is dealing with incoming guess and can’t help us get out of the garage Detail like that minutia small details all of these things add up literally hundreds of details and again back to the binary decision tree you do it this way then you do it that way then you do the next thing then you do the next thing everything is wrench regimented in ordered it would create the Ace way that could be marketed and sold to large clientsas a way to retain relationships and increase success

I am concerned about a success metric because as an example at my site, I have a 22 year veteran who’s been a manager for at least 10 years and we just don’t even have the most basic skills that are being followed through and many of these many of these have a very simple solution that I could just stay out loud right now what is the incentive to pay me if I give you a solution and you implement it , so unique divulge something to you and you correct an issue and then that can be taken companywide. I’ve given you without fair compensation.

Which again speaks to not being able to be compensated for a metric, with other peoples follow through and that the creation of the systems is the value and then the execution will be within an internal Ace system similar to my binder once the binder was completed any new teacher could come in and run my classroom. In fact somebody could walk in off the street and do it Was a clabbered environment would be working in a more clabbered environment to provide it as opposed to what I think it needs. I definitely have strong opinions about where I think that the things need to be done and how they need to be done, but I understand that I need to work Structure and existing systems now I

That’s where my existing information value constant being the firefighter fighting the fire, and then the future value would come from me being in the plane, but there would be an intermediary step with somebody in the tower that would be executing the plan that I would not be responsible for that’s the difficulty in the complications in what I’m suggesting

As an example, I’m sure there are dozens of standard operating procedure sheets that are inexistence right now obviously from some of the examples I have shown those are not included in that but a lot of it is execution on that and then some kind of system to be able to check compliance and to help assist the managers and the values to execute their job to the best of their ability and then away to track those that do and reward those and then to penalize or to diminish the ones who don’t either with new assignments or different responsibilities. This is the other part of the component that is over arching everything 

So first we have the ability to create a system for training like I would ask you right now to provide me with your training materials the materials given to the valet, the materials given to the instructor and the short 3 to 10 minute video I would assume has been made to show somebody how to do the job properly. If you don’t have those that’s the first thing I would say is a red flag and secondly, I would say if you work with me within three months I can work with the person, who has design designed the existing program meet with all the managers come up with what you need what you’re trying to accomplish a metric to measure it and then producer curriculum, and then handouts and sheets for instructors and for participants so that anybody could run the training then you figure out your best values to run the training then you take that San Diego wide then you take that corporate wide. Now you have the template you have the materials eventually, you integrate that into a data system so that you can track and you see who the most successful people are and then you promote from within.

Second, after that would be the additional system to work with all of the issues surrounding the actual job and then that would be done on paper first and then eventually digitized and databased, and would then yield additional data relative to that it would reduce all of the issues that are illustrated in the photos I’ve shown and will be glad to discuss with you in more detail 

Third would be the opportunity to work with the IT and Tech team to develop the system in place that would eventually integrate into deep blue and we would do that on a per user basis in perpetuity

Here’s a simple example. I have hundreds of these were given a paper card to exit the garage. Why not have each valet assigned a card with a card number on a lanyard laminated so that they can leave the garage then you can track which valet lose that card and which ones don’t that’s just a simple job description, if you have Val repeatedly losing their cards then you would have some sort of consequence either a write up and then eventual termination transfer to a new assignment, etc.
It also gives you an opportunity to reward those who are proficient efficient take care of the equipment and then give them a $.10 per hour Reyes show them

Even if not interested in rewarding the valet or anything else just the most basic thing that the laminated card on a lanyard around your neck is 1000 times easier than pulling the paper ticket out of your pocket each time that you need to exit the gate which happens many dozens of times the day like it is today, but I’m experiencing

For my observation in the past 6 to 12 months people resent Jorge they don’t want to work hard for him. They actually do things to undermine his success and it obviously decreases the level of service provided most importantly, though I’ve never worked with more valet per key than I have in the last six months, not only that those valet many times are poorly trained and come from offsite so the payroll relative to per key valet necessary is astronomical at this point although I don’t track it I just do it antidote from my experience is working, but I guarantee that if , that would be the number one impact that could happen monetarily is that at sites like the Marriott you would have the highest well-trained valet and you would have the least staffing needs, but that might take 6 to 24 months to create a system to be able to train track and then adjust the payroll accordingly and I have no idea what the payroll is. I just know from my experiences two days a week seeing what it’s like in terms of how many values we have working and how hard people work and how they actually don’t work hard for this manager and additionally many times you would be better off paying someone like me overtime to stay and work officially then you would bring in to additional valet to do the same work I did.

There’s no way I would be to able to objectively quantify that because I don’t have access to the data sources nor would I believe beyond just total payroll. Would there be any kind of records with for example how many people work the good guys event last year? how many cars did we bring in? What was the feedback on the efficiency of the service? Do they ask an efficiency service for each event from the people afterwards? Do we get back in touch? Is that Marriott job to find out how well the event went in terms of valet service. I think this gets back to the small little details that would be consistent throughout the entire program that I would work on is valet quit and fired. There’s no entrance interview and there’s no exit interview Just literally hundreds of items that would be created by me and in collaboration with the local management at the site and people in upper management like yourself and Sasha to make sure that the data then is slowly created and then catalog organized and used for efficiencies over the next, 6 to 24 months

Insert above into the binary decision tree around the convention center if there was a map and I knew what location is sometimes it’s more efficient to go down the stairs sometimes it’s more efficient to walk down the ramp and go in the exit for the cars depending on location of the car that simple detail high-level values would know that save two minutes per car pull more cars per day less valet needed right those values should be rewarded. They would get the good shifts. They would know that they’re doing a great job they would get a little little bit more money.

No sheets for July 5 we had $100 on July 4. Nothing for us no written instructions no overview what’s going on nothing for us to do until Jorge showed up at like 9 o’clock and then it’s like are we accepting cars and we not accepting cars what’s the rates? What are we doing? Nobody was here .

Show up on Sunday, July 6 and Janice is helping people which you should be put up the sign that I suggested but he hast to lock all of the cabinets so I actually can’t even get a set of keys just simple things like this like I could have a key somewhere that I know where it is and if a guest walks up, I can help then otherwise I have to wait for him to get back then I can help the guest at least here. I can answer the phones and things like that .

The core concept of the valet delivery system that Asa and I have thought about would be that everything must be inputted right now. Somethings are sometimes done. Yes, it would be more cumbersome. Yes, it would cost more money, but yes that it would generate so much in savings and increased revenue that it would easily pay for itself, but also it would have a system that everybody would be forced to track. Everything be tracked lost all the revenue increased everything filled out. Look at example from most recent picture picture today where Janice does the stuff but the person before didn’t and she still like that They’re always like this. The managers come in the managers don’t fix one thing like not written lock checks everything everything would be automated and accounted for and then accountability for the people who are working, who aren’t doing things correctly that is key to the whole system, and it could be run locally and companywide, I don’t wanna either

Try to create a zero failure system that would be the goal right now. The success rate of many tasks is zero or very low below 50% on many of those things.
Lock check
Exit gate revenue 
All the tickets!!!
Room
Numbers for billing
Makes for excellent service
Spaces to find cars
No chain of custody for keys (each site different as Hyatt has a valet room where keys are handed off and cards are used for garage 

Training is so lacking yesterday a new hire was gonna take a truck with a roof box i to the garage 

Just heard from one of my coworkers that they overheard yesterday someone Jorge asking Marcus to come up with an employee of the month first you need to work for first principal which is you establish the criteria for it. Secondly, then you go and you have a way to judge everybody is you then tell what the reward is going to be fourth is you then assigned the award the technique is pick someone and give them a certificate is 150 reviews and if they use my system across all of the properties, they would be spending $9000 a month incentives if there’s just one valet that worked to the level level, I did at one hotel, what if I could accomplish the same thing for $10,000 a year?


“Give “ them the taxi cab solution for parking in lane four instead of lane one

currently the system is some ridiculous paper that is taped up onto the window and then removed after three days with some ridiculous instructions about how to talk to the taxi cabs and then each valet is expected to do it or each ramp guy the managers don’t do it and they just pointed us and tell us to do it when we do interact with him they don’t support us and then they just say don’t worry about don’t worry about it. The issue is that there is no direct connection now to revenue increase it’s all guest experience and also ramp management so there is no direct ROI on this. I think this is very symbolic of all of the things are a large portion of what I do propose the issue is again that you want some sort of quid pro quo. If you spend act you will get why my problem is I see that the guest experience is very low on the actual reasons that are direct correlation to revenue expenditures for things that would make it better, but it actually is the thing that is the most important with the relationship with the hotel when you’re either renewing a contract or trying to get a new contract which are multi million dollar contracts at a place like the Marriott and some of the smaller hotels but as the hotel has a larger presence in terms of Ness needs for guest experience, like the grant or the Hyatt or the Pendry or the marquee this cannot be qualified directly in an ROI situation. Here’s the solution remove the paper sheet have that in in the binder still if you want it so it’s instructions to new values and all existing values of what the policy is. I’m not invested in any of these policies what I’m invested in is a solution and then implementation I can work in a collaborative fashion to come up with different ones if there are issues around my suggestions, but the problem is that the way that the suggestions are implemented right now is holy and effective so the solution for this one is to have business cards printed up with what they’re supposed to do so as an example the cab park at a certain place they drop off and lane one they do their transactions past thevalet area and if they need directions or they’re waiting for something pull down the ramp into lanes two and three put a QR code in it and have that link to something with multiple languages and then the valet could give the card out and he could have a list that he writes on his card that has the cab number so that they’ve been notified. We store all the cab numbers once we know that the cabs have been notified if there’s a cab that gives us a problem we just write the number down go in and file that and then eventually manager and their free time with contact the MTS and let them know that would give us leverage. We could let the cabs know in their own languages that’s what’s happening and then that way we get full compliance and that compliance could happen within a few weeks or 30 days I would expect.

There are dozens if not hundreds of these examples and I would be glad to share a few of that ones to show them. I’m willing to work in a collaborate environment, but this is my value.

So possibly pick one or two more things like this and then in the presentation of Mike Wilson show him the two examples listed above about the bonus for each referral and the five dollars an hour continuous as long as that tutor was seeing the client and then the old tutor would get the money, even if they didn’t work for me and secondly, the sheets I had for session sheets so that they would get them to me timely they couldn’t undermine my business and that I would be able to communicate with a client Explain those to Mike Wilson say these are perfect examples. There’s no direct ROI on the first there is direct ROI, but on the second it was long-term stability and way to track the tutors and slowly get rid of the bad tutors and promote the good ones especially with 100% turnover year year to year"


